Reseller News
Microsoft's Playwright simplifies tests for Python web apps
Playwright also integrates with the testing framework in Python's Django web framework, so that existing Django tests can be extended with front- ...
4 hours ago.

ZDNet
Python programming language: Here's what's new in version 3.9 RC2
Python 3.8 will retain a few Python 2.7 compatibility layers to support projects that rely on 2.7.
1 day ago.

EdexLive
Twelve-year-old Dubai-based Indian student publishes book on Python programming for beginners
Twelve-year-old Dubai-based Indian student publishes book on Python programming for beginners. The class 8 student has also been ...
23 minutes ago.

TNW
Test your Python skills with these 10 projects
These project ideas will hopefully bring back your interest in this amazing language. The best part is you can enhance your Python programming ...
4 hours ago

TechRepublic
Python 3.9.0rc2 is out: Most exciting new features
The latest release candidate for Python is now available. Jack Wallen highlights the best features of this iteration of the programming language.
6 hours ago.

ZDNet
Microsoft: Playwright for Python language lets you test web apps in all major browsers
Playwright, a Python library, allows developers to essentially control the browser with a few lines of Python code to automate cross-browser ...
3 hours ago.

Dice Insights
5 Reasons Python is Still the King of Programming Languages
Kowalkowski also points to Python's large developer community, which helps the language thrive: “It's a popular language with sources on any ...
1 hour ago.

ZDNet
NumPy’s contribution to Python is remarkable, but where it goes next could be even more so
NumPy, the Python package for scientific computing, is an adolescent with prospects for a prolific maturity.
1 hour ago.

TNW
Practical tricks every Python developer should have
From web development to data science and cybersecurity, Python programmers are high in demand. But like all programming languages, in ...
2 hours ago.

Medium
The Beginners' Guide to map, zip, and Filter Functions in Python
When Python encounters map(lambda x: x**3, a) , only map object is created. When the the output of map function is passed to iterables such as ...
4 hours ago